[Music]
hey hey look I understand if you came by
to hit me I deserve it no I don't want
to hit you what then kick me bite me I'd
only do anything to you I just want to
tell you that I'm not mad at you and
then and then I certainly do not hate
you I just said came here to say that
but that way hey Ross Ross you want to
want to come in for a beer or something
well you got any beer guys just melon
stuff that Rachel would okay hey look
Ross you need to understand something
okay I I am never gonna act on this
Rachel thing okay I would not do
anything to jeopardize my friendship
with you
thank you
[Applause]
anyway it look at it it'll just take me
a while to get over that's all
I'm not even sure how to do that I mean
I've never been in love before so what
you're in love with her yeah I thought
you knew that
um no oh hey look if it helps I don't
want to feel this way honest I just keep
thinking I'll get over this in a hole
but it just it just keeps getting harder
and that I don't I don't know what to do
you know I don't what do I do
I think in you need to tell her how you
feel okay that's the green stuff talking
no I'm serious you need to find out
where she is
because if she's not where you are then
you can start to move past this but what
if and I'm not saying she will be if she
is where you are then then my feeling
weird about it shouldn't stand in the
way are you sure yeah
look if she's gonna end up with somebody
else
truth is she couldn't find a better guy
so okay thanks so when do you think
you're gonna talk to her oh my god I had
to tell her I thought about what I would
say what should I say I'm understanding
but let's not get carried away